so Beowulf sail across ones riding dem
is destiny from whence do you bear these
burnished chills is fair in friendship
the man is from the yaks grant fella
hearing cursed enemies will you trust
them I have not seen a troop so brave no
champion so mighty in his bearing this
is a chief among men we come from who
Galax court companions on his bench
werewolf is my name Brer wolf I've heard
the tales
I'll go before your King Hrothgar I
honor I'll speak to him at window the
master of the Danes
shall learn of your request here wolf I
knew him as a child I've never hung to
his father bitch there who knows what
treachery lurks behind the hell lying
tongue is it bear wolf truly he swears
it is a wolf
his famous reached me seafarers say this
fighting Lord has 30 men in one hands
cross wall
if Grendel is his name
then great reward will there be for his
courage else to Hrothgar I put to you
now protected of the Danes my one
request that you will allow me with my
troupe of loyal men to purge your whole
Herat so there wolf my friend is it for
favors we have done and in the spirit of
kindness who come to Denmark
everyone here is fooled by his fantastic
tales my men have often posted when the
beer was drunk that they would lie in
wait and ambush with their weapons of
Keaney stage the creature Grande our
when morning came shining they revealed
this royal maid house all smeared with
blood best of my wives death has taken
the rest you've seen that come now to a
banquet and will banish sorrow will
celebrate with song old tales of vigil
[Music]
their boss
oh the brag light what how has he got a
greater fortune I thank my friend
Unferth for his bold opinions he
unburdened his mind with the aid of a
little mead let him drink deep sink
another draught open his word horde and
wag his tongue that Grendel
will not matter anything you long for if
you live through this great trial of
courage I give thanks to the all-wise
bright Lord of Heaven granting me
graciously a wish this day to behold
through bravery
[Music]
this creature knows no weapon nor will I
will play without let the heavens judge
[Music]
fifteen through the shadows came the
night Prowler
the people slim no war sword under
heaven could wound not iron Hulk a huge
adversary with evil craft the creature
wove its spell around all weapons walked
into Herat
Oh
[Music]